{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red42\green0\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 README\
Jane Email Crawler\
\
author: Grace Miller 2/15/2016\
\
This code takes in a url and crawls that page and all future pages for emails found on the page.  The file Email_crawler_MillerGrace contains two files that actually run the crawler process, these can either be found in the src of Email_Crawler_Millergrace or in the Java folder\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 crawlerDriver_jana.java- \
this can be used to run the crawler on the jana.com website, or other websites that use javascript.  The startURL in the file is what the code is run on, since I had difficulty running the code from the command line.  To change what site it is run on, change the startURL, otherwise just run that class, it will run on jana.com\
\
crawlerDriver.java-\
This can be used to run the crawler on any regular html site.  The startURL in the file is what the code is run on, since I had difficulty running the code from the command line.  To change what site it is run on, change the startURL, otherwise just run that class, it will run on mit.edu\
\
I had difficulty packaging up my code, and compiling from the command line, but my code should run in an eclipse editor.  Email_Crawler_Millergrace is a file copy of my eclipse file that ran.  Yet, it would probably be simpler to create a new java file, add in the two Java Files in javafile folder, add in the jars in miller_crawler2_lib to the dependent jars (specifically Jsoup and Selenium), download chromedriver2, and then specificy the path to that chromedriver in the crawlerDriver_jana file in the 
\f1\fs22 System.setProperty(\cf2 "webdriver.chrome.driver"\cf0 , \cf2 "/Users/gracemiller/Downloads/chromedriver"\cf0 );\

\f0\fs24 in the main function of the file.  \
\
When attempting to have my code run from the command line, I was just having trouble compiling with the dependent libraries.  This line compiled my code:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs22 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
javac -cp ./libs/selenium-java-2.52.0.jar:./libs/jsoup-1.8.3.jar ./src/crawlerDriver_jana.java\

\f0 But, for some reason the compiled code could then not find the main function of the java class.  I think this is because I needed to add the dependencies that selenium is dependent on as well.  I unfortunately did not have time to resolve these issues.  If you download this file into eclipse, and use the debug tab then run debugger, search for terminated, exit value, then click properties, the command line for the program can then be run from the command line.  I apologize for the inconvenience.
\fs24 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}